this is up for Jung with TG daily once
again in Hawthorne California inside of
the circuit city and we're lucky enough
to be talked with John he's the general
manager and he's the guy who's tasked
with managing all of this chaos and so
far how's the night been for you
tonight's been really great everybody's
been in line you know basically
monitoring themselves and we've had no
issues and what has the store been doing
for these guys in line have you been
letting them use the bathroom or other
facilities yeah I mean as much as we can
while we're open we've been letting them
you know use the restroom this morning
we bought everybody in line donuts so
you know anything we could do to help
them out to make the experience better
we've been doing that and we heard from
the people in line that they've all
gotten t-shirts and the t-shirts
represent sort of I guess a de facto
voucher that gets them in the door is
that true no I mean what we've let
everybody know is the t-shirts were just
kind of a promotion from circuit city to
the first people that were in line that
waited kind of an extra little value hey
here's a PlayStation 3 almost like
remember the event type of thing so
that's that's not a voucher at all okay
so what's going to happen at nine
o'clock I understand you guys will be
given out vouchers and there'll be some
other events right basically at nine
o'clock we will give out the voucher to
the first hundred people that guarantees
that they will get a playstation 3 at
midnight i'm also at about ten o'clock
you know we're going to have a radio
station here they'll be giving away 5
free ps3 s between ten and midnight now
you've done other you've been in other
console launches but this is something
new because it's happening at midnight
it's that true right yeah circuit city
has never done a midnight launch at
least on the west coast so this is
something new for us we're the only
store on the west coast that's doing it
and we've never done one that was the
magnitude of us a 100 pieces
it's usually like everybody will do it
the morning of say you know smaller
quantities say 15 or something like that
so this is huge managing the line
managing the voucher you're going to
ensure the safety of the people in line
once the doors open right well to ensure
that we have gone out and we obviously
we notified the Hawthorne Police
Department of the event we have hired
off-duty police officers that will be
here so they'll be in full dress uniform
to be here to ensure the safety of our
employees as well as the people in line
you know with their families and all
that so that that should assure the
safety and they can always radio if they
would need some kind of backup but we
don't anticipate that that would happen
and so far has the crowd being fairly
cooperative yeah i mean the crowds been
great you know it is a lot of people are
definitely out there are passionate
about their ps3 s about their video
games so it's understandable they have a
lot of questions we've just been feeling
those questions but other than that
everybody in lines been great and once
you open the doors are you going to let
all hundred people in or you're going to
stagger them out maybe 20 at a time yeah
we're going to probably stagger roughly
about 25 people to come through then
once they filter out then we will let in
people as they come in will come out
we'll probably keep it around that level
so given all the planning that you've
done all the work that you've gone
through for this launch would you be
willing to go through another one of
these or would you like to take a pass
on the next one oh no absolutely I would
love to do it again I'd love to
volunteer to do it again um you know
it's an honor for our store as being one
out of the six in the country that are
doing it so i would definitely volunteer
to do it again once again i'm in circuit
city in the city of hawthorne talk with
john the general manager thanks a lot